Linear models (#52)
WayScience/pyroptosis_signature_data_analysis: 3.sc_Morphology_Linear_Modeling/README.md

`2c.Linear_Modeling_Visualization.ipynb`
`2d.Linear_Modeling_Visualization.ipynb`

to visualize each model into one pdf

#### Only for the single beta + cell count models:

> I have included a visualization from [CFReT Analysis](https://github.com/gwaybio/CFReT_data/blob/368f0baf7b027f5614de7173bbc7336add81fcb3/4.analyze-data/notebooks/linear_model/1.visualize_linear_model.ipynb) to look at the beta coefficients across morphology feature types and cellular compartments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I have included a visualization from [CFReT Analysis](https://github.com/gwaybio/CFReT_data/blob/368f0baf7b027f5614de7173bbc7336add81fcb3/4.analyze-data/notebooks/linear_model/1.visualize_linear_model.ipynb) to visluaize the beta coefficients across morphology feature types and cellular compartments:
```
